 README

**Important:**

1. **Only some of these notes are complete summaries of reference. Most only contain notes of what I found interesting in the particular reference or of things I might want to quote in the future.**
3. **The headers with the complete bibliographical reference have yet to be properly formatted. Many still have Swedish formatting and no italics.** 


## General description

These are my research related reading-notes on books and articles relating to Arabic Linguistics. I continuously add to and edit these notes as I read and re-read sources. I have placed them here primarily as a backup, and also to make them accessible for other researchers, although I am not sure how useful they might be.

Most of the notes were written as part of the research for my dissertation, [*Case Endings in Spoken Standard Arabic*](https://lup.lub.lu.se/search/publication/8524489), and so there is a heavy emphasis on Standard Arabic, diglossia, and speech.

Not all of these notes are complete summaries and they should not be read as such. I typically only note things that are of interest to what I am doing, meaning that some notes only record a specific detail of a paper or book.

I started taking these notes with [nvAlt](http://brettterpstra.com/projects/nvalt/) and still use it for searches, but now do all editing in Vim. (From within NvAlt you can open the note in your favorite editor with COMMAND+SHIFT+E.) In nvAlt in `Preferences > Notes` one can choose which folder nvAlt reads notes from (i.e. this repo) and under `> Storage` choose to read and store notes as plain text files and heave it read markdown files. Then all these notes are accessible in nvAlt.

## Structure
The files are in plain text markdown files. As such they can be easily converted to other formats, such as HTML (as on the GitHub page), .doc, .pdf, or whatever. 

Each file contains notes from one single reference. File names have the following form:

````
<author last name>, <year>. <title>.mkd
```

For example:

> Ferguson, 1959. Diglossia.mkd

Each file begins with the complete biographical reference as header (i.e. marked with initial `#`). No other header levels are used. Some notes are then followed by some general information or comments about the reference.

The actual notes referencing the content of the article or book follow a list structure. At the end of each item there is a page reference. When the original wording is important (and also when I have been lazy) it is quoted. Longish quotes are in block quotes (marked in markdown with `>`) nested under a list item with a very brief summary of the quote. This summary is intended to make the content quickly skimmable.

Material in square brackets are my comments.

At the end of each file one or more keywords are listed. Each keyword begins with `@`. See `keywords.mkd` for a list of keywords.

For bibtex references, see the file `bibliotek.bib` in the `mylatexstuff` repo. This is my general bibtex database where I dump all references without any particular order.
